I1463 open shift connector - ready for the review (#1080)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/extensions/proc_authenticating-with-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che.adoc

---
title: Authenticating with OpenShift Connector in Eclipse Che
keywords:
tags: []
sidebar: che_7_docs
permalink: che-7/authenticating-with-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che/
folder: che-7/extensions
summary:
---
// using-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che

[id="authenticating-with-openshift-connector-in-eclipse-che_{context}"]

> = Authenticating with OpenShift Connector in {prod-short}

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be "Authenticating with OpenShift Connector in an OpenShift cluster"?

Reviewer: Or perhaps "Authenticating with OpenShift Connector from {prod-short}"?

Before the user can develop and push Components from {prod-short}, they need to authenticate with an OpenShift cluster.

OpenShift Connector offers the following methods for logging in to the OpenShift Cluster from the {prod-short} instance:

> * Using btn:[Log in to the cluster] button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the btn:[Log in to the cluster] button.
```

> * Using Command palette.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using the Command Palette.
```

> When using a localhost (such as instances of CRC or minishift), the user’s credentials are stored in the workspace `~/.kube/config` file, and may be used for automatic authentication in subsequent logins. In the context of {prod-short}, the `~/.kube/config` is stored as a part of the plug-in sidecar container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a local instance of OpenShift (such as CodeReady Containers or Minishift), the user’s credentials are stored in the workspace `~/.kube/config` file, and may be used for automatic authentication in subsequent logins. In the context of {prod-short}, the `~/.kube/config` is stored as a part of the plug-in sidecar container.
```

== Using the login button
. In the left panel, select the *OpenShift Application Explorer* icon.
+
The Openshift Connector panel is displayed.
. Click the btn:[Log in to cluster] button.

> . If a “You are already logged in a cluster.” message appears, click *Yes*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If a *You are already logged in a cluster.* message appears, click *Yes*.
```

+

> A selection whether to log in using `Credentials` or `Token` is displayed at the top of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A selection whether to log in using *Credentials* or *Token* is displayed at the top of the screen.
```
(GUI elements)

. Select the method to log in to the cluster and follow the login instructions.
+

> NOTE: If you select the token method for authenticating with OpenShift cluster, you can find the required token information in the top right corner of the main {ocp} screen, under *_<User name>_ -> Copy Login Command*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For authenticating with a token, the required token information is in the top right corner of the main {ocp} screen, under *__<User name>__ -> Copy Login Command*.
```

== Using the Command Palette

> . In the left panel, select the *OpenShift Application Explorer* icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

. In the left panel, select the *OpenShift Application Explorer* icon.
```

+
The Openshift Connector panel is displayed.

> . Press F1 to open the Command Palette, or navigate to *View -> Find Command* top in the menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Press kbd:[F1] to open the Command Palette, or navigate to *View -> Find Command* in the top menu.
```

> . Search for `Openshift: Log in to cluster` and press Enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Search for *Openshift: Log in to cluster* and press kbd:[Enter].
```

. If a “You are already logged in a cluster.” message appears, click *Yes*.
+
A selection whether to log in using `Credentials` or `Token` is displayed at the top of the screen.
. Select the method to log in to the cluster and follow the login instructions.
+

> NOTE: If you select the token method for authenticating with OpenShift cluster, you can find the required token information in the top right corner of the main {ocp} screen, under *_<User name>_ -> Copy Login Command*.

Reviewer: Duplicated from above. Either restructure to have this appear only once, or choose one of the methods and discard the other.

Author: Yes, except for the first two steps, the procedures are exactly the same. Stevan wanted me to cover both possibilities. I will think about restructuring to match your suggestion.
